I'm back in a stencil project and this is actually a clean project with no components, you can also continue
in the old project with the side drawer, maybe just clean up the index.html file to not use the side drawer
here
so that we have all the space we need
but in the end, the component we'll be building here will be totally independent of other components,
so you can also continue in your old setup.
Now the component I want to build in this module will be a component that will actually make a connection
to the web,
so which will actually reach out to some server in the Internet and fetch data from there because that
will show us a lot of things, where our component needs to be more reactive, where it needs to adjust
to different states and where we want to write code that also make sure that for example, this HTTP request
is sent again and again and again when some input data to the component changes.
So there will be a lot of interesting things we'll cover here
and for this, we'll create a component which accepts a stock ticker as an input, so the symbol, the identifier
of some stock data or some listed stock and then we'll fetch the latest price for this stock from
an open API and we'll display that price in the component then
and this will be using a lot of these cool advanced features. Now for that, I'll
first of all create a new component in a component folder here by creating a new subfolder and I'll name
it stock price,
you can name it whatever you want, I'll
also create a file, stock-price.tsx in that component to hold all my well, code for this component and
I'll also use some styling, so I'll also add a stock-price.css file.
Now in the stock-price.tsx file, we'll create our component class and we'll export that,
so export class StockPrice like this and there, we'll of course add the @ component decorator now which
needs to be imported from @stencil/core,
so make sure to not forget this import at the top. Now
I'll give this a tag of uc-StockPrice, again following that naming pattern which should ensure
that it's a unique name and I'll then assign a style URL pointing at the stock-price.css file
and last but not least, I also want to use the shadow DOM here so I'll set that to true.
With that we got this basic component set up,
obviously it's not doing anything but we'll be able to use it
and now the next steps will be to add functionality to it step by step so that we can fetch stock prices.